# NOT.TV WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE

THESE WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CONTAIN LEGAL OBLIGATIONS.
PLEASE READ THESE WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE BEFORE USING THIS
WEBSITE.

Last Update: April 4, 2024

These Terms of Service and any terms expressly incorporated herein (“**Terms**” or “**Agreement**”) apply to any access to, or use of, any services made available by notTV Ltd. (“**notTV**”) using the website not.tv (the “**Site**”) or our mobile applications, and to any other related services provided by notTV (collectively, the “**Services**”). By clicking on an “I Agree” button or check box presented with these Terms or, if earlier, by accessing or using any Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

## 1. INTRODUCTION AND AGREEMENT

**NOTTV LTD.** ("**notTV**") provides this website (the "**Website**")
as a venue to allow customers (the "**Buyers**") who comply with these
terms and conditions of use (these "**Terms of Use**") to buy certain
rights to videos, articles, opinion pieces and other written materials,
graphics, data, images, photographs, art, illustrations, animations and
other content (the "**Content**") within a set or variable price format
(the "**Services**").

Use of the Website and the Services is subject to Buyers' ("**Your**")
acceptance of and agreement to these Terms of Use. By accessing and
browsing information (including Content) on the Website, or by otherwise
using the Website, You agree to be bound by these Terms of Use without
limitation or qualification. If You do not agree to be bound by these
Terms of Use, You must not access or use the Website.

This website, not.tv (the "**notTV Site**"), is owned and operated by
notTV Ltd. ("**notTV**"), a corporation dedicated to facilitating the
creation, exchange, and dissemination of user-generated video content.
notTV offers a comprehensive suite of services, including but not
limited to, a video exchange platform, blockchain services, video
hosting services, and the notTV Player application (collectively
referred to as the "**notTV Service**" or "**Platform**"). The Platform
provides users access to a wide variety of user-generated videos and
associated content ("**Content**"), accessible through the notTV Site, the
notTV Player application, and other means, including syndication. The
access and use of the notTV Service are subject to the terms and
conditions explicitly outlined herein.

### ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS THROUGH USAGE

By engaging with the notTV Service, you acknowledge and agree to be
bound by these terms, conditions, and all other notices incorporated or
mentioned herein (collectively, the "**Terms of Use**"). notTV retains the
authority to amend or modify these Terms of Use at its discretion. Users
are encouraged to review the Terms of Use regularly for any updates or
alterations. Continued use of the notTV Service following the
announcement of any modifications signifies your acceptance of those
changes.

## 2. CHANGES TO THE WEBSITE

notTV MAY, AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, AND FOR ANY REASON
WHATSOEVER, CHANGE, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE ANY ASPECT OF THE WEBSITE AND
THE SERVICES. notTV RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO
CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY PORTION OF THE WEBSITE AT ANY
TIME WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, BUT DOES NOT HAVE A DUTY TO DO SO. IT
IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CHECK THIS SITE PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY CHANGES, YOU MAY TERMINATE THESE TERMS OF USE
AS SET OUT BELOW. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE
POSTING OF CHANGES TO THESE TERMS OF USE WILL MEAN THAT YOU ACCEPT AND
AGREE TO THESE CHANGES.

## 3. REGISTRATION, ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD

To access the Services on the Website, including purchasing rights to
Content, You must:

**3.1 create an account with the Website;**

**3.2 make purchases using a major credit card or through an Apple
account and adhere to the terms of the applicable Apple User Agreement
and Apple Acceptable Use Policy; and**

**3.3 keep Your account profile information up-to-date and accurate at
all times, including but not limited to, a valid email address.**

You agree to be responsible for:

**3.4 maintaining the confidentiality of any passwords or other account
identifiers which You choose or are assigned as a result of any
registration or subscription process; and**

**3.5 all activities that occur under Your account or password.**

You further agree to:

**3.6 notify notTV immediately of any unauthorized use of Your password
or account; and**

**3.7 ensure that You log out of Your account and close Your browser
window upon completing Your use of the Website.**

## 4. USE AND RESTRICTIONS

You may access and use the Website and Services only in accordance with
all applicable laws and regulations and with these Terms of Use.

You must not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create
derivative works or businesses based on the Website, in whole or in
part. The license to view and use granted in these Terms of Use does not
include permission to copy the content, design elements, "look and feel"
or the layout of the Website.

You must not, directly or indirectly, print, copy, reproduce, save onto
Your own computer, modify, translate, merge with other data, frame in
another website, post on another website, or otherwise use the Content
for any purpose whatsoever, unless You have agreed to and complied with
the terms and conditions of the agreement respecting the purchase of
Content (the "**Purchase Terms & Conditions**").

## 5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

The Website (including the organization and layout of the Website and
all software used in connection with the Website) is, and at all times
remains, the property of notTV. You agree to abide by all intellectual
property notices, information and restrictions on, or displayed with,
the Website.

Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles and
phrases on the Website constitute trade-marks (whether registered or
unregistered), trade names or other intellectual property of notTV (the
"**notTV IP**") or third parties (the "**Third Party IP**"). notTV at
all times remains the sole owner of the notTV IP.

The display of the Content, the notTV IP and the Third Party IP on the
Website does not convey or create any licence or other rights in any of
the Content, the notTV IP or the Third Party IP, including:

**5.1 any ownership rights in any of the Content, the notTV IP or the Third Party IP;**

**5.2 any right to use any of the Content, the notTV IP or the Third Party IP for commercial purposes including sale, resale, licence or sublicense; or**

**5.3 any right to reproduce, distribute, display, post, disseminate, publish, broadcast, or transfer any of the Content, the notTV IP or the Third Party IP.**

Use of any of the notTV IP or the Third Party IP without the prior
written consent of the notTV or third parties, as the case may be, is
strictly prohibited.

Use of the Content without complying with the Purchasing Terms &
Conditions is strictly prohibited.

## 6. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT LINKED TO THE WEBSITE

The Website may contain links to third party websites or content posted
on third party websites (the "Links"). notTV provides the Links only as
a convenience to help You identify and locate other Internet resources
that may be of interest.

You acknowledge that in providing the Links, notTV:

**6.1 does not endorse any third party website or content accessible via the Links;**

**6.2 does not act as an editor, publisher or disseminator of any content accessible via the Links and does not control or monitor any third party website;**

**6.3 does not make any representation or warranty of any kind regarding the Links;**

**6.4 is not responsible, directly or indirectly, in any way for the accuracy, relevancy, completeness, timeliness or legality of any content accessible via the Links; and**

**6.5 is not responsible, directly or indirectly, in any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of, or in connection with, Your use of, or reliance on, any of the Links.**

You agree that You are solely responsible for:

**6.6 taking all protective measures to guard against viruses and other destructive elements that may be contained in the Links;**

**6.7 abiding by the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies posted at the third party websites accessed through the Links; and**

**6.8 evaluating the content accessible via the Links and bearing all risks associated with Your use of, and reliance on, any such content.**

## 7. LINKS TO THE WEBSITE ON THIRD PARTY WEBSITES

If You want to include a link to the Website on Your website (the "Third
Party Link"), You must:

**7.1 provide notTV with prior written notice describing the nature and features of Your website and the proposed appearance and location of the Third Party Link; and**

**7.2 obtain the prior written consent of notTV to establish the Third Party Link and abide by any terms and conditions required by notTV as part of its consent.**

notTV may at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, revoke its
consent to establish a Third Party Link, with or without cause, upon
reasonable notice to You. Upon exercise of this right by notTV, You must
immediately remove all of Your Third Party Links to the Website and must
cease all use of the notTV IP. If You refuse or neglect to remove all of
Your links to the Website or to cease using the notTV IP, You
acknowledge that such refusal or neglect will result in immediate and
irreparable damage to notTV and that notTV shall be entitled to relief
in the way of temporary and permanent injunctions and such other and
further relief as a court may deem just and proper.

notTV is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, in any way
for any content available on a third party website that has established
a link to the Website.

## 8. USE RESTRICTIONS FOR COMMENTS, LIVE CHAT, AND FORUMS

notTV occasionally provides a platform including an online forum, live
chat, and comment sections (collectively, the "Forum"), enabling users
and content creators to discuss relevant topics about the Content and/or
notTV Service. Participation in the Forum or Comments is entirely
optional. Given that interactions may happen in real time, it's
possible for you or others to post unedited, uncensored, or unmoderated
content to the Forum. Despite this, notTV retains the right to oversee
messages in the Comments and Forum and to delete any content that, at
its sole discretion, is deemed undesirable, encourages violence, is
harmful, offensive, or contravenes these Terms of Use. notTV disclaims
any responsibility or liability for not promptly or failing to remove
such content, or for deciding to eliminate any material it considers
inappropriate at its sole discretion.

## 9. FORUM PARTICIPATION GUIDELINES

The Forum is a community space that encourages open and respectful
dialogue. To maintain a positive and inclusive environment, participants
must adhere to the following rules:

**9.1. Respect Privacy:** Avoid posting or transmitting messages that are
    libelous, defamatory, or invade the privacy of any person or entity.
    Indecent, obscene, or pornographic content is strictly prohibited.

**9.2 Intellectual Property Rights:** Do not violate others' rights by
    unauthorized use, publication, or disclosure of copyrighted
    materials, trade secrets, or proprietary information.

**9.3 Trademark Respect:** Ensure that trademarks or service marks are
    not used in a manner that could be considered infringing.

**9.4 User Interference:** Refrain from actions that disrupt another
    user's experience or the overall functionality of the Forum.

**9.5 Civility:** Do not post or transmit messages that are abusive,
    incite violence, harass, are harmful, hateful, anti-Semitic, racist,
    or threatening.

**9.6 No Spamming:** Avoid posting messages related to charity requests,
    petitions, solicitation for donations, pyramid schemes, or attempts
    to manipulate the notTV Service.

**9.7 Solicitation and Advertising:** Do not use the Forum for
    advertising or solicitation of goods or services not related to
    notTV Service.

**9.8 Illegal Activities:** The Forum should not be used to conduct,
    promote, or solicit participation in any illegal activities or
    activities that infringe upon the rights of others.

Adherence to these guidelines is essential for fostering a constructive
and respectful dialogue within the notTV community. Violations may
result in content removal and potential restrictions on forum
participation.

## 10. ADDITIONAL USER AGREEMENTS

By participating in the Forum, you also agree not to engage in the
harvesting or collection of users' information for unsolicited bulk
electronic communications or any other unauthorized purposes. This
includes refraining from collecting personal data without consent,
especially from minors under the age of 18, in accordance with
protecting the privacy and safety of all users. Furthermore, you commit
to respecting the digital privacy of all Forum participants, ensuring a
secure and respectful community environment.

## 11. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES

The notTV Service may incorporate third-party search capabilities and
may display third-party advertisements and/or search results.
Additionally, the notTV Services and/or Content may include links to
websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties
("Third-Party Sites"), over which notTV has no control. notTV is not
responsible for the content available on any Third-Party Site. The
responsibility for products and services offered on Third-Party Sites
lies solely with the respective site's operators or vendors. The
presence of links to Third-Party Sites within notTV's Service does not
constitute an endorsement of these sites, nor of the content, products,
or services they offer, nor does it indicate any affiliation with the
sites' operators. Third-Party Sites may host content that could be
deemed inappropriate or offensive to some. Engaging with Third-Party
Sites requires your own careful judgment.

notTV expressly disclaims any representations or warranties related to:

1.  The nature and content of information, software, or materials
    presented or accessible through any Third-Party Site, including but
    not limited to advertisements for products or services.

2.  The functionality, performance, and reliability of any Third-Party
    Site, encompassing all transactions conducted therein, related
    taxes, and the handling of user credit card information by third
    parties.

3.  The attributes, quality, safety, and legality of products or
    services promoted or sold via Third-Party Sites, and the conditions
    of such transactions.

4.  The credibility and authenticity of vendors offering products or
    services on Third-Party Sites.

5.  The truthfulness, copyright adherence, legality, ethical standards,
    or any content aspect provided on Third-Party Sites.

notTV emphasizes that engagement with any Third-Party Site is at the
user's own discretion and risk, highlighting the importance of user
diligence in such interactions.

Should you choose to access any Third-Party Sites linked through the
notTV Service, you undertake this action solely at your own risk. We
strongly recommend reviewing the terms of use and privacy policy of any
Third-Party Site accessed via our service prior to engaging with such
sites to ensure informed use.

You recognize and accept that in instances where the notTV Player is
licensed to a third party, this third party may utilize the notTV Player
for specific purposes or to showcase content that is not owned, managed,
distributed, authorized, or endorsed by notTV.

## 12. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY TERMS

Some notTV applications may include a feature that integrates streaming
capabilities with YouTube and other platforms such as Meta/Facebook, X
(formerly known as Twitter), and Twitch. If you stream your content
directly to notTV, you are agreeing to be bound by the notTV Website
Terms and Conditions of Use and Agency Agreement, available at
[**https://rumble.com/s/terms**](https://rumble.com/s/terms). Access to the notTV streaming integration
feature is conditional upon your acceptance of the notTV Website Terms
and Conditions of Use and Agency Agreement. If you stream your content
directly to YouTube, you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms
of Service, available at [**https://youtube.com/t/terms**](https://youtube.com/t/terms).
Access to the YouTube streaming integration feature is conditional upon
your acceptance of the YouTube Terms of Service. If you stream your
content directly to Facebook, you are agreeing to be bound by the
Meta/Facebook Terms and Policies, available at [**https://www.facebook.com/policies_center**](https://www.facebook.com/policies_center).
Other platform terms and conditions may likewise apply. Please refer to
those platforms' terms of service for details.

## 14. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

You acknowledge and agree that all Content and materials available on
the notTV Site and/or available through the notTV Service are protected
by one or more of intellectual property rights: copyrights, trademarks,
service marks, patents, trade secrets, and/or other proprietary rights,
and that t their use is restricted by the terms of this Agreement and
applicable statutory and common laws.

You acknowledge and agree that all content and materials accessible on
the notTV Site and/or through the notTV Service are protected under
various intellectual property laws, including but not limited to
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other
proprietary rights. You understand that your use of such content and
materials is strictly governed by the terms of this Agreement, along
with relevant statutory and common law provisions.

notTV, not, not.tv, nottv.io, nottv.ai, nottv.eth, the notTV Player, and
notTV product and service names are trademarks and/or service marks of
notTV Ltd. (the "notTV Marks") and are owned exclusively by notTV. You
will not display or use the notTV Marks, in any manner that would
constitute infringement of notTV's rights, without notTV's prior
permission.

You are prohibited from selling, reselling, licensing, renting,
modifying, distributing, copying, reproducing, duplicating,
transmitting, publicly displaying, publicly performing, publishing,
adapting, editing, or creating derivative works from any
content---including but not limited to videos, images, sounds, and
text---accessible through the notTV Service, except as explicitly
authorized by notTV. Unauthorized systematic retrieval of data or
content from the notTV Service to construct or compile, directly or
indirectly, any collection, compilation, database, or directory without
notTV's prior written consent is forbidden. Engaging with content or
materials from the notTV Service in ways not explicitly permitted by
these Terms of Use is strictly prohibited.

## 15. GENERAL notTV PLAYER LICENSE TERMS

The utilization of the notTV Player is governed by any applicable
license agreements specific to the notTV Player. Should there be any
applicable license agreements that replace and/or supersede these
general license terms regarding the notTV Player's use, such specific
agreements take precedence. In the absence of or in addition to such
specific agreements, the following terms and conditions are applicable
to the use of the notTV Player.

### LICENSE GRANT

notTV grants you a non-exclusive license to utilize the notTV Player
under the following conditions:

**Permitted Uses:**

1.  Operate the notTV Player on a single computer.
2.  Use the notTV Player on a second computer, provided the two
    computers are not used simultaneously.
3.  Duplicate the notTV Player for backup and archival purposes,
    ensuring that any copies retain all original proprietary notices
    from the notTV Player.

**Prohibited Activities:**

1.  Do not allow others to operate the notTV Player on your computer(s),
    except as explicitly permitted herein.
2.  You may not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or
    disassemble the notTV Player or its accompanying documentation
    (except as allowed by law) or create derivative works based on them.
3.  Do not copy the notTV Player or its documentation, except as
    necessary for backup.
4.  It is prohibited to resell, rent, lease, transfer, or otherwise
    convey rights to the notTV Player or its documentation.
5.  Removing proprietary notices or labels from the notTV Player or its
    documentation is not allowed.

**License Limitations:** This license does not extend to any
enhancements or updates to the notTV Player, nor does it permit the
granting of sublicenses.

## 16. OWNERSHIP AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Title, ownership, and all intellectual property rights in the notTV
Player and its accompanying documentation remain exclusively with notTV.
The notTV Player is safeguarded by the copyright laws of Canada and the
United States, and is further protected internationally under copyright
treaties. Similarly, title, ownership, and intellectual property rights
in the content accessed through or contained within the notTV Player,
including media demonstration files, belong to the respective content
owners and are protected under the relevant copyright or other legal
provisions.

This license does not confer any rights to publish, disseminate, or
otherwise utilize such content outside the scope permitted by the
license and applicable laws.

## 17. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

THE notTV PLAYER AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, notTV
EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE
OF THE notTV PLAYER AND DOCUMENTATION RESTS WITH YOU.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL notTV OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS
INFORMATION), ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE notTV PLAYER, EVEN IF notTV HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW FOR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT FULLY APPLY TO YOU.

## 18. notTV CONTENT GUIDELINES

notTV provides a platform for content creators to share their work under
the Agency Options detailed below. It is imperative to adhere to these
content policies strictly:

1.  **Originality and Copyright:**
    -   Do not submit content not created by you or copyrighted by
        another without explicit written permission from the copyright
        owner.

2.  **Copyrighted Materials:**
    -   Only include copyrighted audio, video, text, or images under
        fair use or with explicit authorization from the copyright
        holder.

3.  **Third-party Restrictions:**
    -   Avoid content restricted by third-party agreements, including
        license limitations.

4.  **Trademark Use:**
    -   Do not display trademarks without the owner's consent, except
        as permitted under fair use laws.

5.  **Prohibited Content:**
    -   No pornographic, obscene, or adult content.
    -   Nothing grossly offensive, including racism, anti-semitism, or
        promoting hatred.

6.  **Violence and Unlawful Acts:**
    -   Content should not endorse, incite, or promote violence,
        unlawful acts, or support violent or unlawful groups.

7.  **Exploitation and Privacy:**
    -   Absolutely no exploitation of minors or posting/disclosing
        personally identifiable information without consent.

8.  **Illegal Activities and Harm:**
    -   Content must not instruct or promote illegal activities, harm to
        individuals or groups, or animal cruelty.

9.  **Infringement and Encroachment:**
    -   Avoid content that infringes on others' rights, including
        privacy, publicity rights, or damages reputation.

10. **Prohibited Links:**
    -   Do not include links to sites hosting any prohibited content.

11. **Discretionary Prohibitions:**
    -   notTV reserves the right to determine any other content as
        undesirable at its discretion.

Content violating these guidelines is subject to removal and may result
in further action. Creators are encouraged to ensure their submissions
comply with these policies to maintain a respectful and lawful community
on notTV.

notTV reserves the exclusive right to determine the suitability of
content or materials for the notTV Service. Materials submitted may, at
notTV's discretion, be reviewed prior to their availability on the
Service. By using the notTV Service, you recognize and agree that notTV
possesses the unequivocal authority (though not the obligation) to
reject, remove, modify, or relocate any content or materials for any
reason, at any time, without prior notice to you.

Furthermore, when accessing the notTV Site, using the notTV Player, or
engaging with the Service in any capacity, you may encounter content
that you find offensive or objectionable. You acknowledge that the
responsibility and risk of exposure to such content rest solely with
you.

To report content that violates our policies, please email [moderation@not.tv](mailto:moderation@not.tv)

## 19. COMPLAINT PROCEDURE

If you encounter content that you believe infringes upon notTV\'s
policies, we encourage you to inform us by emailing [moderation@not.tv](mailto:moderation@not.tv).
To ensure your complaint is processed efficiently, please include
"Complaint" in the subject line of your email and provide the
following details:

1.  **Personal Identification:** Your name, email address, and, for
    registered users, your user ID.

2.  **Nature of Complaint:** Detailed explanation of your concern.

3.  **User Behavior:** If applicable, describe any inappropriate or
    offensive behavior by other users or visitors on the notTV Site,
    including the identity of the individual(s) involved, if known.

4.  **Specific Content:** For complaints regarding specific videos,
    include the URL, relevant timestamps highlighting the concerning
    segments, and a clear reason for your complaint.

A customer service representative will aim to address your email
promptly. Should notTV determine your complaint to be justified, it will
take suitable measures at its sole discretion. Please note, notTV is not
obligated to report back on the status, outcome of the investigation, or
any actions taken in response to your complaint.

## 20. AGENCY AGREEMENT

If you are a creator of Content submitted to the notTV Service through
your notTV account, the relationship between you and notTV is one of
principal and agent ("Agency") and is subject to the terms and
conditions set out herein which specifically govern this relationship
(the "Agency Agreement").

**Appointment of Agent.** You, as the principal (the "Principal" or
"you"), may submit video Content to be published and managed by notTV
as your agent ("Agent") for the purposes of same. By submitting
Content to notTV and by notTV accepting such Content on the notTV
Service, you are appointing and do hereby appoint notTV as your
exclusive, worldwide, perpetual Agent for such Content, and grant notTV
the exclusive right to distribute, display, reproduce, license, rent,
sell, monetize, and otherwise exploit the Content in any medium, on any
kind of display device, worldwide, for the duration of the "Term of
Agency" as defined below (the "Agency Rights"). As discussed in more
detail below, the Agency Rights will also include notTV's right to
bring suit in its own name as plaintiff for infringement or other
inappropriate or illegal use of the Content and to seek in such suit all
damages or other relief available under law and equity to which you
and/or notTV are entitled. By appointing notTV as your Agent and
granting notTV the Agency Rights, you agree that you shall not
distribute, display, reproduce, license, rent, sell, monetize, and
otherwise exploit the Content in any medium, on any kind of display
device, worldwide, for the duration of the Agency Term, as defined
below. The Agency Term means a 50 (fifty) year period commencing as of
the date you enter into this Agreement. The Agency Term shall
automatically renew for additional consecutive renewal terms of 50
(fifty) years each, unless either party gives written notice of its
intent not to renew the Agency Term, ninety (90) days prior to the
expiration of the then expiring Agency Term.

**Video Agency.** notTV will publish your Content through the notTV
Player and will act as your Agent only in respect of publication via
this channel. All other media and channels are specifically excluded
from notTV's Agency. You will receive Creator Earnings (as defined in
and calculated in accordance with the section below entitled "Collection
of Earnings"). You cannot remove the video from the notTV Player for the
duration of our Agency agreement. You are permitted to make the video
inaccessible through the notTV Player, however, if required to do so for
other licensing purposes, upon mutual agreement with notTV.

## 21. PUBLISHING AND DISTRIBUTION OF CONTENT VIA THE notTV SERVICE

notTV may, but is not obliged to, have your Content published and
displayed through various media channels and in various formats via the
notTV Service, in its sole commercial discretion. notTV reserves the
right to decline or reject any Content submitted to the notTV Service.

**INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**

You affirm, represent, and warrant that you have the legal right to
submit the Content to the notTV Service, that you have all necessary
right and authority to appoint notTV as your Agent, and that you are
legally entitled to enter into the Agency Agreement.

You further represent and warrant that any Content submitted does not
contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to
other third party proprietary, intellectual property or contractual
rights or interests, unless you have express written permission from the
rights holder of the Content to enter into this Agreement. In the event
you claim to have been granted such rights from a third party, you agree
to furnish evidence of same in writing forthwith upon request by notTV.
You are required to obtain such written permission before submitting
such Content to the notTV Service. Such written permission must not be
limited in any way, shall be exclusive, and shall remain in effect for
the duration of this Agreement.

Any infringement or other violation of a third party's rights with
respect to the Content submitted by you to the notTV Service and which
has been identified as such by notTV or by a third party, may
immediately and without notice to you result in the removal of such
Content. It is notTV's strict policy to comply with all applicable
intellectual property laws and regulations of which it is aware. You
hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless notTV, its agents,
employees, contractors, directors, officers, and shareholders, as to any
allegations, demands, claims, investigations or disputes arising from
your submission of Content to notTV and/or monetization of your Content,
insofar as it relates to any infringement or violation of the
intellectual property rights, proprietary rights, contractual rights, or
other rights of a third party.

You acknowledge and agree that this Agency Agreement does not assign
ownership of any copyright for or in the Content to notTV, and that all
payments made to you pursuant to this Agreement are amounts earned by
you from the monetization of your Content, less expenses and notTV's
Agency Fees (as defined below) and are not royalties or license fees. If
you receive payments from notTV as the person authorized by the creator
or rightsholder to retain notTV as Agent, you indemnify and hold
harmless notTV from and against any claim by the creator or rightsholder
in respect of your receipt of such payments and in respect of notTV's
Agency.

**Monetization and Rights**

In order to monetize your Content, notTV may in its sole unfettered
commercial discretion, on your behalf, grant, sell and enter into
License(s) (as defined below) to the Content with you being the
Licensor, subject to notTV being your attorney in fact for effecting
such License(s) with the Licensee, as defined below, and you further
authorize such Licensee to use such licensed Content in any media for
any purpose including but not limited to use in advertising, promotion,
marketing and packaging for any product or service, worldwide. For the
purposes of this paragraph, a "License" means any contractual
arrangement arranged between notTV as your sole and exclusive Agent, and
a third party (a "Licensee") in respect of the Licensee's use of your
Content. In the event that notTV desires, in its sole discretion, to
enter into a License for your Content only, and/or to include Content
from other creators with your Content in a single License, you hereby
authorize and grant to notTV the actual authority, permission and right:
i) to do so; ii) to do so without seeking your further consent and
without providing notice to you; and iii) to do so in its own name. In
that event notTV, acting as your Agent, will be listed as the sole
nominative "licensor" in that License You (and any other creator whose
Content is included in the License) will each be an Undisclosed
Principal in that License. It is further understood and agreed that you
(and any other Content creator whose Content is included in the License)
are each the real party-in-interest Licensor, and to the extent any
compensation or other consideration is paid by the licensee, it will not
be deemed licensee fees or royalties to notTV. You also hereby grant to
notTV the actual authority, permission and right at its discretion to
disclose or not to disclose your name as a real-party-in-interest
Licensor. You also hereby grant to notTV the actual authority,
permission and right to prosecute in its own name any claims against the
other party to the License or to defend claims asserted by the other
party to the License ("Litigation") without seeking further consent
from you or providing notice to you. notTV will control all aspects of
the Litigation, will be responsible for all costs and attorneys' fees,
and will be entitled to seek, recover and retain any damages or other
compensation, consideration, or other relief or recovery from the other
party to the License in the Litigation, without providing any notice or
accounting to you. notTV will defend and indemnify you with respect to
any claims made against you by the other party to any License entered
into by notTV in which you are an Undisclosed Principal as to any
asserted breach by you of the License unless you are alleged to have
committed the act or acts that are alleged to constitute the breach. In
that instance, notTV reserves the right to demand that you defend and
indemnify it as to such claims, which you hereby agree to do.

By submitting Content to notTV, you are irrevocably agreeing to appoint
notTV as your sole, worldwide, exclusive and perpetual Agent with
respect to the Content and all rights pertaining thereto, including
without limitation, all rights enumerated in United States Code, Title
17, § 106, and you herein authorize and grant notTV the exclusive
authority to make all decisions and take all actions notTV deems
reasonably appropriate with respect to the management, commercial and
non-commercial monetization of the Content under the terms of this
Agreement.

You specifically authorize notTV as your Agent to combine the Content
with other images, text, graphics, file, audio, audio-visual works; and
alter, modify and crop the Content at notTV's sole discretion, and
hereby waive any reservation of moral rights in and to the Content.

As your Agent in respect of the Content, notTV may choose in its
exclusive and absolute unfettered and/or arbitrary commercial
discretion, to, register copyrights in any jurisdiction or jurisdictions
worldwide on your behalf, with you (or the party which has expressly
provided you with authorization to enter this Agreement and is the
rightsholder) listed as the copyright claimant, author, or similar, and
to record notTV as your sole and exclusive Agent therein for the
purposes of administering all rights and permissions thereto. notTV
shall not be liable to you or any third party for any delay or defect in
it attempt to register the copyright in any Content, or if notTV does
not attempt to register such Copyright.

As your Agent in respect of the Content, notTV may choose in its
exclusive and absolute unfettered and/or arbitrary commercial discretion
to pursue any legal remedies available in order to, as your Agent,
assert or enforce your (or if you are entering into this Agreement under
authority of a third party rights holder, that third party's) copyright
or other intellectual property rights in and to the Content, including
but not limited to making a claim or commencing legal proceedings with
respect to all payments owing to you by third parties with respect to
infringement of the Content, and you agree to fully cooperate in same
(or if you are entering into this Agreement under authority of a third
party rights holder, you agree to procure the cooperation of such third
party). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that
notTV shall at no time and in no manner be obliged to make any efforts
as your Agent pursuant to this provision. You hereby appoint notTV as
your (or if you are entering into this Agreement under authority of a
third-party rights holder, that third-party's) attorney in fact for
executing any instrument or document or taking any step in furtherance
of the rights granted herein.

Where notTV as Agent takes steps to enforce the copyright in your
Content or breach of a license agreement on your behalf as Principal, or
where the law allows notTV (as an agent having a pecuniary interest in
the subject matter and outcome of the suit) to file suit in its own name
as your agent), or otherwise, notTV shall have sole control and
decision-making power over any demand, claim, proceeding or settlement.
If required by applicable law that you be a named plaintiff in any such
enforcement action relating to your Content, you hereby so consent to be
so named. In that instance, notTV will continue to have sole control of
the action as described above, will continue to pay all fees and costs
incurred in that action, and you agree to cooperate with notTV with
respect to such action.

It is understood and agreed that any C-Suite officer (CEO, COO, CTO,
CFO) of notTV may execute documents pursuant to, and exercise for notTV,
any power of attorney you have granted to notTV herein.

**Recovery Through Copyright Enforcement**

You, or if you are entering into this Agreement under authority of a
third party rightsholder, that third party, shall not issue any demand,
or commence any claim or proceedings to enforce any rights in any
Content submitted to notTV, except with notTV's express authorization
which may be denied in the event that notTV elects to assume carriage
and control of such enforcement measures, and in such event notTV shall
indemnify and hold you (or the applicable third party rightsholder)
harmless from and against any damages, legal fees and costs, directly
attributable to such enforcement measures. If, however, notTV authorizes
you to take enforcement action, then you will be solely responsible for
all fees, costs, damages or other expenses in that action.

**Recovery by notTV as Agent**

In the event that any claim or demand is made by notTV or if legal
proceedings are commenced by notTV on your behalf and in your name as
your Agent (as opposed to notTV being the copyright owner pursuant to
the Assignment Option as set out below) and such claim, demand, or
proceeding results in a payment from a third party to notTV, notTV shall
be entitled to deduct from such proceeds: a) all associated legal fees
and expenses incurred or payable by notTV; and b) if the payment amount
exceeds the subsection (a) amount by at least USD $1,000.00, a
management and enforcement fee equal to the remainder of the proceeds
less the sum of USD $1,000.00, meaning that the maximum that you can
receive in such event is USD $1,000.00.

## 22. notTV's OPTION TO ACQUIRE CONTENT COPYRIGHT VIA ASSIGNMENT

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if
notTV determines that it requires your copyright to be assigned to notTV
along with all related claims and causes of action (collectively,
"Copyrights"), so as to enable notTV to have standing to enforce the
Copyrights against a third party, then notTV shall have the option at
any time, in consideration of the Copyright Assignment Fee (as defined
below) to cause and consummate such assignment of Copyrights to notTV,
and this Agreement shall be your written instrument effecting same (the
"Assignment Option"). Alternatively, if you are entering into this
Agreement under authority of a third party rightsholder as may be
permitted herein, you represent and warrant that you have authority
herein to agree to same on behalf of such third-party rights holder.

You hereby appoint notTV as your Attorney in Fact as to any such
Assignment, and grant to notTV the actual authority, right and
permission, as your Attorney in Fact, the execute a separate Assignment
document in the following form:

"For Value Received, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged, [your
name], an individual residing in the state of [your state of
residence] ("Assignor") hereby assigns all copyright in [description
of the Content being assigned] (the "Content") to notTV, Inc.
("Assignee"). Assignor represents and warrants that a copyright exists
in the Content, that Assignor owns all right, title and interest in and
to that copyright, that the copyright has not been previously assigned
or licensed, that Assignor has the right to assign the copyright in the
Content to Assignee, that there is no dispute or potential dispute of
which Assignor is aware regarding the copyright in the Content or
Assignor's ownership thereof and right to assign to Assignor; and that
Assignee may hereafter register the copyright in Assignee's name. This
Assignment includes assigning to Assignee the sole right to seek,
recover and retain any and all damages (and related forms of recovery
and relief) for past, present and future infringement of the assigned
copyright, without notice or accounting to Assignor.

Executed this __ day of ___________, 20__, at Kelowna,
Canada.

By: _________________________________

Name: ___________________________

Title: notTV ___________________

Attorney in Fact for [your name].

If notTV so requests, you shall cooperate in executing any additional
instruments or assignments of Copyrights (and related claims) reasonably
required to give effect to the assignment, transfer and enforcement of
the Copyrights in the Content (or if you are entering into this
Agreement under authority of a third party rights holder, you agree to
procure the cooperation of such third party). You hereby appoint notTV
as your (or if you are entering into this Agreement under authority of a
third party rights holder, that third party's) attorney in fact for
executing on your or their behalf any instrument or assignment
reasonably required to give effect to this provision and to effect the
assignment and transfer of Copyrights.

The Copyright Assignment Fee payable by notTV to you shall be the
combination of:

1.  the maximum publicly available licensing fee for your Content as
    displayed in the notTV catalogue, to a maximum of USD \$500; and

2.  an additional USD \$500.00 in consideration of the assignment.

Upon assignment of Copyright in accordance with these provisions, all
right, title, interest, and goodwill, together with the right to pursue
and collect damages for all past, present, and future claims and causes
of action in relation to enforcing intellectual property rights in and
to the Content, including but not limited to notTV's exclusive right to
seek, recover and retain all past, present and future damages,
attorneys' fees, enhanced or punitive damages, license fees, and/or
royalties related to the Content, shall be transferred to notTV.

## 23. COLLECTION OF EARNINGS

As Agent, notTV is authorized to collect any applicable earnings
("Earnings") derived from the publication, licensing, display and/or
other use (collectively, the "Use") of your Content on your behalf
pursuant to this Agreement. The Earnings payable to you after deducting
applicable amounts are referred to herein and defined as the \"Creator
Earnings\".

Creator Earnings are calculated by applying the applicable Agency Fee
(see table below) to the Earnings and then deducting any applicable
third-party processing fees, administrative fees, and/or any amounts
that may be due to a notTV creator/syndication partner, hosting costs,
taxes, defensive litigation costs, exchanges rates, and/or any other
direct costs (collectively \"Other Fees and Costs\"). Notwithstanding,
notTV reserves the right to apply the Agency Fee and/or abstain from
deducting Other Fees and Costs in a manner that it determines is
appropriate in its sole discretion, but in any case not in a manner that
reduces the amount of Creator Earnings payable to you as currently set
forth herein.

**Agency Fees:**

| Revenue Stream                          | notTV Agency Fee     |
|-----------------------------------------|----------------------|
| Programmatic Advertisement              | Forty percent (40%)  |
| Sponsorship (incl. Host-Read)           | Forty percent (40%)  |
| Advertisement                           |                      |
| Licensing                               | Forty percent (40%)  |
| Tipping/Donation                        | Twenty percent (20%) |
| Pay-Per-View                            | Twenty percent (20%) |

**As used herein:**

1. Programmatic Advertisement revenue stream means advertising revenues
generated from users watching video Content on the Platform.

2. Sponsorship (including Host-Read) Advertisement revenue stream means
advertising revenue generated from a Content creator performing an
advertisement placement within their Content.

3. Licensing revenue stream means revenue generated when exclusivity has
been authorized to notTV to license Content to other platforms.

4. Tipping/Donation revenue stream means revenue generated from users
contributing a fixed dollar amount in return for their message being
promoted by a creator during the creator's Content stream.

5. Pay-Per-View revenue stream means revenue generated by Content creators
making available pay-per-view video Content for viewing by their
audience for a limited time or on a one-time basis.

6. You understand that, from time to time, notTV may change and/or add
additional revenue streams and change and/or add additional Agency Fees.
In the event of any such changes, this Agreement will be updated
accordingly, and the most recent version of this Agreement will apply to
notTV's Use of your Content and the collection and payment of any
Earnings hereunder.

7. All payments to you of Creator Earnings will normally be remitted to
your notTV account thirty (30) days after the month in which notTV
receives payment on your behalf from third parties for the Use of your
Content.

8. If an upfront payment amount is provided for under this Agreement, the
entire amount indicated will be issued to your notTV account. Your
future Creator Earnings, will be applied against this upfront payment
until the upfront payment amount is fully utilized.

9. The first month for which payment is to be made shall: (a) begin on the
first day of the month following the month of execution of this
Agreement; and (b) include the portion of the month of execution
following the Effective Date (unless this Agreement was executed on the
first day of a month, in which case the month shall be deemed to begin
on the first day of such month).

10. Under certain circumstances, third parties may make payments to notTV
that do not associate Earnings with the Use of specific Content. In this
event, notTV will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify the
Creator Earnings due to you for the Use of your Content. If, after 24
months from the date of payment by a third party, notTV has not been
able to identify Earnings to the Use of specific Content, notTV reserves
the right to retain all such payments.

## 24. EARNING PAYMENT REDUCTIONS / SET-OFFS

Payments may be subject to reduction to offset bad debts, refunds and
other charge-backs relating to Use of your Content within sixty (60)
days of the payment to which the bad debt, chargeback or refund relates.

## 25. LIABILITY

notTV does not in any way endorse any Content submitted, including any
opinion, recommendation, claims, advice or position expressed therein,
and notTV expressly disclaims all liability in connection with the
Content and its publication. For the purposes of the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act or similar legislation or regulations, all Content is
considered user-generated content and notTV\'s capacity as Agent is not
Content owned by notTV (unless expressly assigned to notTV under the
terms of this Agreement) or uploaded by notTV.

In order to submit Content to notTV you acknowledge that you are solely
responsible for what is submitted and indemnify and hold notTV harmless
from any and all claims arising from a breach of your representations,
warranties, and covenants as set out in this Agreement, and also
indemnify and hold notTV harmless from and against all third party
claims with respect to the Content and acting as Agent in respect of the
Content.

## 26. notTV CREATOR ACCOUNT

If you register for a notTV Creator account, any activity on the notTV
Player using the Monetized Embed Code will apply to your account as
follows: as used herein, "Net Advertising Revenues" means aggregate
amounts collected by notTV arising from the license or sale of the
pre-roll, mid-roll, post roll or overlay advertisements included within
the notTV Player less any amounts due for hosting, taxes, litigation
costs, exchange rates, and any other direct costs. notTV shall retain
all amounts derived from all other advertisements, promotions, links,
pointers and similar services or rights. notTV Creator is entitled to
the Net Advertising Revenue less an Agency fee equal to 50% payable to
notTV, within thirty (30) days following the end of each month whenever
a notTV Creator uses the notTV Monetized Embed Code. Analytics will be
directly reported into the Creator Dashboard within your notTV account.

## 27. PROCEDURE FOR REPORTING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

To file a copyright infringement notification with us relating to
Content on the notTV Player, you will need to send a written
communication that includes substantially the following (please consult
your legal counsel or see Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act to confirm these requirements):

-   A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
    behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
    infringed.

-   Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been
    infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site
    are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such
    works at that site.

-   Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or
    to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed
    or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably
    sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the
    material. Providing URLs in the body of an email is the best way to
    help us locate content quickly.

-   Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to
    contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number,
    and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the
    complaining party may be contacted.

-   A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that
    use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by
    the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

-   A statement that the information in the notification is accurate,
    and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is
    authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that
    is allegedly infringed.

To expedite our ability to process your request, such written notice
should be sent to our designated agent as follows:

Service Provider(s): notTV Ltd.\
Name of Agent: Travis C.\
Address: notTV Ltd.,\
101-1865 Dilworth Drive, Suite 353,\
Kelowna, British Columbia, V1Y 9T1\
Email: [dmca@not.tv](mailto:dmca@not.tv)

If there are many videos to be removed, or you expect to have an ongoing
need to remove potentially infringing content from notTV, we suggest
that you email us at <dmca@not.tv> with the subject as "ONGOING DMCA"
where we increase the speed at which we are able to remove any
infringing content on notTV and also offer industry-leading content
identification tools and personal management for your requests.

Please note that under Section 512(f) any person who knowingly
materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be
subject to liability for damages. **Don't make false claims!**

Please also note that the information provided in this legal notice may
be forwarded to the person who provided the allegedly infringing
content.

Claimant information will be published on the notTV site at anytime.

### Counter Notification

If you believe that material you posted has been removed in error, you
should send to our Copyright Agent, using the contact information listed
above, a counter notice that includes the following:

-   Your physical or electronic signature.

-   Identification of the material that has been removed or to which
    access has been disabled and the location at which the material
    appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.

-   A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith
    belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of
    mistake or misidentification.

-   Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you
    consent to the jurisdiction of, at notTV's discretion, in the
    Supreme Court of British Columbia at Vancouver or the United States
    Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your
    address is located, or if your address is outside of the United
    States, for any judicial district in the United States and that you
    will accept service of process by mail from the person who provided
    notification of copyright infringement, or an agent of such person.

Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person
who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was
removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to
liability.

Please also be advised that we enforce a policy that provides for the
termination in appropriate circumstances of subscribers who are repeat
infringers.

## 28. PROCEDURE FOR REPORTING VIOLATIONS OF RIGHTS OF PRIVACY OR
PUBLICITY

If you believe that your privacy rights or publicity rights have been
violated by information or material that is accessible on the notTV
site, you may notify not.tv. Please email <support@not.tv> so we can
investigate the matter further.

## 29. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN
OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE (THE "CONTENT") ARE PROVIDED "AS IS"
AND "AS AVAILABLE" FOR YOUR USE. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. NOTTV, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS
LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR
CORRECT; THAT THIS SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR
LOCATION; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE
CONTENT IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOUR USE OF THIS
SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR RISK. ANY MATERIAL VIEWED, DOWNLOADED OR
OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE IS DONE SOLELY AT YOUR
OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY
DAMAGE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION PERSONAL INJURY OR DISTRESS, DAMAGE
TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA, THAT RESULTS FROM THE VIEWING
OR DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.

## 30. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL NOTTV, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, MEMBERS OR
EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR
INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED
LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF RUMBLE.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, NOTTV'S LIABILITY IN
SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

## 31. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to indemnify and hold notTV, and its parent, subsidiaries and
affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents, co-branders
and other partners, contractors, and employees, harmless from and
against any and all claims, expenses, and demands, including attorneys'
fees, made by any third party due to, arising out of, or asserted in
connection with your use or misuse of this Site, including claims
relating to content you submit, post to or transmit through this site,
and your connection to and use of this Site. notTV reserves the right to
have control of any defense and control of any matter otherwise subject
to indemnification by you. You agree to cooperate with notTV in
asserting any available defenses.

## 32. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW

You agree to comply with all applicable laws with respect to your use of
the notTV Service. Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge and
agree that notTV makes no representation that materials on this Site or
accessible via the notTV Service are appropriate or available for use in
any particular locations, and accessing them from territories where
their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the
Site or the notTV Service from any location do so on their own
initiative, at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with
local laws. If you use the notTV Service in a jurisdiction that
prohibits or restricts such use, your use will be subject to, without
limitation, any other provision of the Terms of Use, and notTV shall not
have any liability with respect to such use.

You further agree to comply with all state, provincial and/or federal
regulations with respect to the Content you upload to notTV, including
those regulations related to accessibility (e.g., closed captioning of
Content where required by law).

## 33. CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM

These Terms of Use and the Agency Agreement, shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British
Columbia or, at notTV's discretion, the federal laws of the United
States, excluding its conflicts of law rules. You expressly agree that
the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or
relating to these Terms of Use, the Agency Agreement, or your use of the
notTV Services, shall lie only in the Supreme Court of British Columbia
at Vancouver, or at notTV's discretion, in the United States Federal
District Court for the judicial district in which your address is
located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any
judicial district in the United States, and you further agree to and
submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the
purpose of litigating any such claim or action.

## 34. SEVERABILITY AND INTEGRATION

Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between you and notTV with respect to this site and supersedes
all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral,
written, or electronic) between you and notTV with respect to the notTV
Service or the Agency Agreement. If any part of these Terms of Use or
Agency Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be
construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as
nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties. Or if that
portion is not susceptible to such construction, it shall be replaced
with a provision that is consistent with applicable law and which
reflects, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties.
In either event, the remaining portions remain in full force and effect.

## 35. TERMINATION

notTV reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your
access to the notTV Service, with or without notice, for any reason,
including, without limitation, if notTV believes that you have violated
or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use
or the Agency Agreement. This includes notTV's right to terminate your
ability to upload videos, post comments, collect revenue or any function
available via the notTV Service.

notTV has a zero tolerance for any violation of Content Policies and/or
Conduct outlined in these Terms, especially, but not limited to
copyright infringement. If a user is found in violation, the account may
be suspended and/or terminated. The determination of suspension or
termination is at the sole discretion of notTV.

You acknowledge and agree that notTV shall not be liable to you or any
third party for any termination or suspension of your access to the
notTV Services.

## 36. CONSIDERATION AND AGREEMENT

You agree:

1.  that there is legally sufficient consideration for this Agreement
    and for the rights granted and obligations undertaken by the parties
    herein;
2.  that this Agreement is a legally binding contract between you and
    notTV;
3.  that you are entering into this Agreement knowingly and willingly,
    and
4.  that your submission of this Agency Agreement to notTV
    electronically constitutes your electronic agreement, such that this
    Agency Agreement becomes binding upon submission.
